Psalm 45 to the chief musician set to
the lilies a contemplation of the sons
of coda
a song of love my heart is overflowing
with a good theme I recite my
composition concerning the King my
tongue is the pen of a ready writer you
are fairer than the sons of men grace is
poured upon your lips therefore God has
blessed you forever gird your sword upon
your thigh o mighty one with your glory
and your majesty and in your majesty
ride prosperously because of truth
humility and righteousness and your
right hand shall teach you awesome
things your arrows are sharp in the
heart of the Kings enemies the people's
fall under you your throne O God is for
ever and ever a scepter of righteousness
is the scepter of your kingdom
you love righteousness and hatred Ness
therefore God your God has anointed you
with the oil of gladness more than your
companions all your garments are scented
with myrrh and aloes and cassia out of
the ivory palaces by which they have
made you glad Kings daughters are among
your honorable women at your right hand
stands the Queen in gold from Ophir
listen o daughter consider and incline
your ear forget your own people also and
your father's house so the King will
greatly desire your beauty because he is
your Lord worship him and the daughter
of Tyre will come with a gift the rich
among the people will seek your favour
the royal daughter is all glorious
within the palace her clothing is woven
with gold she shall be brought to the
King in robes of many colours
the virgins her companions who follow
her shall be brought to you with
gladness and rejoicing they shall be
brought they shall enter the king's
palace instead of your father's shall be
your sons whom you shall make princes in
all the earth I will make your name to
be remembered in all generations
therefore the people shall praise you
for ever and ever
[Music]